# Algorithm Topic

The following are some types of questions that I have summarized. Understanding these things in advance is very helpful for future questions. It is strongly recommended to master them first. In addition, my 91-day learning algorithm has also organized the topic at a more granular level. For example, [91-day Learning Algorithm](. . /91/Readme. md)

First of all, everyone must master the basic data structure, and secondly, the violent method. Brute force is also an algorithm, but what we are pursuing is definitely an algorithm with better performance. Therefore, it is important to understand the algorithm bottleneck of brute force and the characteristics of various data structures, so that you can use this knowledge to approach the optimal solution step by step.

Then there are the algorithms that must be mastered. For example, the search algorithm must be mastered. The scope of the search algorithm is very wide, but the core is search. The different algorithms are different in the way of search. The typical one is BFS and DFS. Of course, the binary method is essentially a search algorithm.

There is also the violent optimization method that must be mastered. Like search, it has a wide range. There are pruning, space for time, etc. Among them, there are many space-for-time changes, such as hash tables, prefix trees, and so on.

If you study around this idea, it won't be too bad. I won't say much about the others. Everyone will slowly appreciate it.

-[Data cable](basic-data-structure.en.md) -[acyl](linked-list.en.md) -[Tree topic](tree.en.md) -[Top(top)](heap.en.md) -[Next)](heap-2.en.md) -[Abne four points (wish)](binary-search-1.en.md) -[Twenty-four points (Part 2)](binary-search-2.en.md) -[Supernova](binary-tree-traversal.en.md) -[Dynamic](dynamic-programming.en.md) -[backtracking](backtrack.en.md) (Occupation)run-length-encode-and-huffman-encode.en.md) -[bloom filter](bloom filter. md) -[Prefix tree(trie. md) -[My vocational class](https://lucifer.ren/blog/2020/02/03/leetcode-%E6%88%91%E7%9A%84%E6%97%A5%E7%A8%8B%E5%AE%89%E6%8E%92%E8%A1%A8%E7%B3%BB%E5%88%97/) -[Structure 2]([https://lucifer . . . Ren/Blog/2020/02/08/ %E6%9E%84%E9%80%A0%E4%BA%8C%E5%8F%89%E6%A0%91%E4%B8%93%E9%A2%98/](https://lucifer.ren/blog/2020/02/08/%E6%9E%84%E9%80%A0%E4%BA%8C%E5%8F%89%E6%A0%91%E4%B8%93%E9%A2%98/)) -[Stressful pressure (pressure + pressure)](slide-window.en.md) -[Recruitment position](bit.en.md) -[Island problem](island. md) -[Journey of Wisdom](GCD.en.md) -[Union](union-find.en.md) -[Second](balanced-tree.en.md) -[One pumping](reservoid-sampling.en.md) -[single](monotone-stack.en.md)
